# Quantum_Field_Theory
This is a repository where the author displays his interests and thoughts in Quantum Field Theory. It includes part of notes during the author's self-study in QFT and its relative field (e.g. classical field theory, elementary particle physics, and mathematical foundations).    

The author is eager to present, from his own unique perspective, the story of why and how we move from classical field theory to second quantization and renormalization, sharing his academic journey while also offering valuable insights to a broad readership.    

The author has carefully studied *Quantum Field Theory and the Standard Model* by Matthew D. Schwartz, which is also the author's favorite textbook in Physics so far. It provides a comprehensive description of the field in a modern perspective. The author takes a keen interest in the community's efforts to unifying gauge interactions and gravitation, such as TQFT, CFT and string theory, while a rigorous foundation in Quantum Field Theory is essential for understanding what challenges the traditional QFT framework has met and what will be a potential direction to overcome these challenges.    

The author personally recommend readers to read this QFT repository and another repository displaying his paper *Chern-Simons Theory in Topological Field Theory* in his GitHub account firstly, which are two of the most exciting ones. More deep cogitation always leads to exceptionally robust insight and extremely accurate physical intuition! Click in now to embark on an exhilarating journey exploring the precise framework of traditional QFT and the amazing TQFT which doesn't depend on metrics with the author.
